NF: make extra_remote_settings configurable in git config (#7213)
datalad/datalad: changelog.d/pr-7213.md

### 🚀 Enhancements and New Features

> - NF: make extra_remote_settings configurable in git config.  [PR #7213](https://github.com/datalad/datalad/pull/7213) (by [@matrss](https://github.com/matrss))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New config `datalad.create-sibling-ghlike.extra-remote-settings.NETLOC.KEY=VALUE` allows to add and/or overwrite local configuration for the created sibling by the commands `create-sibling-<gin|gitea|github|gitlab|gogs>`.  [PR #7213](https://github.com/datalad/datalad/pull/7213) (by [@matrss](https://github.com/matrss))
```
